No, is this thing really a treasure?
How is Qian Lao?
How much is this thing worth?
Judging from the old man's 30 years of treasure appraisal experience
This sewing box
He's just an ordinary sewing box
Take it to the second-hand market to sell it.
It's only 5 yuan at most.
Do you hear me?
I just overestimated and gave you 10 yuan.
This thing isn't even worth 5 bucks
This gentleman
Are you sure you don't want to take a good look anymore?
The old man has not seen it for more than ten years
I'm sure this thing is 5 bucks fast
All right.
You go outside now and find me the same one.
5 bucks.
I'm about to open my eyes to these boxes
Young man, don't get too excited
I understand how you feel now.
How many people come here?
They all think their stuff is an antique treasure
But basically 99% of people
They're modern imitations.
It's industrial waste.
I see your thing
This good product is still poor
Do you hear me?
It's not just a modern copy
Or industrial waste?
Come on, show the money
Let's take a look too
How did people put this glass?
Eat it young man
Keep your word